{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sb120\sa120\b\f0\fs28 MICROSOFT EVALUATION SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT SQL SERVER 2008 EVALUATION EDITION\f1\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\f0\fs19 These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you.  Please read them.  They apply to the evaluation software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any.  The terms also apply to any Microsoft\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 updates,\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 supplements,\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Internet-based services, and \par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 support services\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.  If so, those terms apply.\par
\b BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120 If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.  \par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Installation and Use.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices.  You may use the software only to demonstrate and internally evaluate it.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may not use the software in a live operating environment unless Microsoft permits you to do so under another agreement.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Included Microsoft Programs.  \b0 The software contains other Microsoft programs.  The license terms with those programs apply to your use of them.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 INTERNET-BASED SERVICES.  \b0 Microsoft provides Internet-based services with the software.  It may change or cancel them at any time.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 TIME-SENSITIVE SOFTWARE.\b0   The software will stop running one hundred eighty days after you install it.  You will not receive any other notice.  You may not be able to access data used with the software when it stops running.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 4.\tab\f0\fs19 MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK AND POWERSHELL SOFTWARE.  \b0 The software contains Microsoft .NET Framework and PowerShell software.  These software components are part of Windows.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 5.\tab\f0\fs19 BENCHMARK TESTING.  \b0 You must obtain Microsoft's prior written approval to disclose to a third party the results of any benchmark test of the software.  However, this does not apply to the Windows components.  For Microsoft .NET Framework see below.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\f3\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK.  \b0 The software includes one or more components of the .NET Framework (\ldblquote .NET Components\rdblquote ). \~You may conduct internal benchmark testing of those components. \~You may disclose the results of any benchmark test of those components, provided that you comply with the conditions set forth at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406.\~ Notwithstanding any other agreement you may have with Microsoft, if you disclose such benchmark test results, Microsoft shall have the right to disclose the results of benchmark tests it conducts of your products that compete with the applicable .NET Component, provided it complies with the same conditions set forth at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\caps\f3\fs20 7.\tab\f0\fs19 Scope of License\caps0 .\b0   The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software.  Microsoft reserves all other rights.  Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement.  In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways.    You may not\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 work around any technical limitations in the software;\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 publish the software for others to copy;\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 rent, lease or lend the software;\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 transfer the software or this agreement to any third party; or\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 use the software for commercial software hosting services.\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\b\caps\f3\fs20 8.\tab\f0\fs19 Export Restrictions\caps0 .\b0   The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations.  You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software.  These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.  For additional information, see \cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.microsoft.com/exporting" }}{\fldrslt{www.microsoft.com/exporting}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs19 .\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\caps\f3\fs20 9.\tab\f0\fs19 SUPPORT SERVICES.\caps0  \b0 Because this software is \ldblquote as is,\rdblquote  we may not provide support services for it.\b\f1\par
\caps\f3\fs20 10.\tab\f0\fs19 Entire Agreement.\b0\caps0   This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\cf2\b\caps\f3\fs20 11.\tab\f0\fs19 Applicable Law\caps0 .\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\cf0\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 United States.\b0   If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles.  The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Outside the United States.\b0   If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\caps\f3\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 Legal Effect.\b0\caps0   This agreement describes certain legal rights.  You may have other rights under the laws of your country.  You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software.  This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.\b\caps\f1\par
\f3\fs20 13.\tab\f0\fs19 Disclaimer of Warranty.\caps0    \caps The software is licensed \ldblquote as-is.\rdblquote   You bear the risk of using it.  Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions.  You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which this agreement cannot change.  To the extent permitted under your local laws, Microsoft excludes the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 14.\tab\f0\fs19 Limitation on and Exclusion of Remedies and Damages.  You can recover from Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00.  You cannot recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental damages.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\b0\caps0 This limitation applies to\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\par
\pard\li360\sb120\sa120 It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.  The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.\f1\par
}
 