{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f0\fs28 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\f1\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 MICROSOFT SQL SERVER 2008 WORKGROUP EDITION\f1\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\tx360\b0\f0\fs19 These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you.  Please read them.  They apply to the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any.  The terms also apply to any Microsoft\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 updates, \par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 supplements, \par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Internet-based services, and\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 support services\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\tx360 for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.  If so, those terms apply.\f1\par
\pard\b\f0 BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.  INSTEAD, RETURN IT TO THE RETAILER FOR A REFUND OR CREDIT.  \b0 If you cannot obtain a refund there, contact Microsoft or the Microsoft affiliate serving your country for information about Microsoft\rquote s refund policies.  See \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone .  In the United States and Canada, call (800) MICROSOFT or see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm" }}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm}}}\cf0\ulnone\f1\fs19 .\b\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 Each license for the software is acquired under either the Server + Client Access License model or the Per Processor license model, and may not be changed.  If you comply with these license terms you have the rights below for each software license you acquire or each server you appropriately license\f1 ,\f0  as further explained in sections 2 and 3\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 OVERVIEW.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Software.\b0   The software includes\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 server software; and\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 additional software that may only be used with the server software directly, or indirectly through other additional software\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 License Model.\b0   The software is licensed based on either:\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 the number of instances of server software that you run and the number of devices and users that access instances of the server software (see section 2 \endash  Terms Specific to the Server + Client Access License Model); or\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 the number of physical and virtual processors used by operating system environments in which you run instances of the server software (see section 3 \endash  Terms Specific to the Per Processor License Model)\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs19 Licensing Terminology. \f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Instance.\b0   You create an \ldblquote instance\rdblquote  of software by executing the software\rquote s setup or install procedure. You also create an instance of software by duplicating an existing instance.  References to software in this agreement include \ldblquote instances\rdblquote  of the software.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Run an Instance.\b0   You \ldblquote run an instance\rdblquote  of software by loading it into memory and executing one or more of its instructions. Once running, an instance is considered to be running (whether or not its instructions continue to execute) until it is removed from memory.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Operating System Environment.\b0   An \ldblquote operating system environment\rdblquote  is \par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx1437\f2\'b7\tab\f0 all or part of an operating system instance,  or all or part of a virtual (or otherwise emulated) operating system instance which enables separate machine identity (primary computer name or similar unique identifier) or separate administrative rights, and \par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 instances of applications, if any, configured to run on the operating system instance or parts identified above. \par
\pard\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx360 There are two types of operating system environments, physical and virtual. A physical operating system environment is configured to run directly on a physical hardware system. The operating system instance used to run hardware virtualization software (e.g. Microsoft Virtual Server or similar technologies) or to provide hardware virtualization services (e.g. Microsoft virtualization technology or similar technologies) is considered part of the physical operating system environment.  A virtual operating system environment is configured to run on a virtual (or otherwise emulated) hardware system. A physical hardware system can have either or both of the following:\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx1437\f2\'b7\tab\f0 one physical operating system environment\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 one or more virtual operating system environments.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Server.\b0   A server is a physical hardware system capable of running server software.  A hardware partition or blade is considered to be a separate physical hardware system.\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Physical and Virtual Processors.\b0   A physical processor is a processor in a physical hardware system. Physical operating system environments use physical processors. A virtual processor is a processor in a virtual (or otherwise emulated) hardware system. Virtual operating system environments use virtual processors. A virtual processor is considered to have the same number of threads and cores as each physical processor on the underlying physical hardware system\f1 .\par
\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Assigning a License.\b0   To assign a license means simply to designate that license to one server\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 TERMS SPECIFIC TO THE SERVER + CLIENT ACCESS LICENSE MODEL\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Assigning the License to the Server\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\f0\fs20 i.\tab\b0\fs19 Before you run any instance of the server software under a software license, you must assign that license to one of your servers.  That server is the licensed server for that particular license. You may assign other software licenses to the same server, but you may not assign the same license to more than one server.  A hardware partition or blade is considered to be a separate server.\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\b\f0\fs20 ii.\tab\b0\fs19 You may reassign a software license, but not within 90 days of the last assignment.  You may reassign a software license sooner if you retire the licensed server due to permanent hardware failure.  If you reassign a license, the server to which you reassign the license becomes the new licensed server for that license.\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Running Instances of the Server Software\b0 .  You may run any number of instances of the server software in one physical or virtual operating system environment on the licensed server at a time\f1 .\b\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs19 Running Instances of the Additional Software.\b0   You may run or otherwise use any number of instances of additional software listed below in physical or virtual operating system environments on any number of devices.  You may use additional software only with the server software directly, or indirectly through other additional software\f1 .\f0   \f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Business Intelligence Development Studio\f1\fs14\par
\f2\fs19\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Client Tools Backward Compatibility\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Client Tools Connectivity\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Client Tools Software Development Kit\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Management Studio\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Integration Services\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 SQL Client Connectivity SDK\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Microsoft Sync Framework\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 SQL Server 2008 Books Online\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 d.\tab\f0\fs19 Creating and Storing Instances on Your Servers or Storage Media\b0 .  You have the additional rights below for each software license you acquire\b\f1 .\b0\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may create any number of instances of the server software and additional software.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may store instances of the server software and additional software on any of your servers or storage media.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may create and store instances of the server software and additional software solely to exercise your right to run instances of the server software under any of your software licenses as described (e.g., you may not distribute instances to third parties).\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 e.\tab\f0\fs19 Client Access Licenses (CALs)\f1 .\par
\pard\s3\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\f0\fs20 i.\tab\b0\fs19 You must acquire and assign a SQL Server 2008 Workgroup CAL to each device or user that accesses your instances of the server software directly or indirectly.  A hardware partition or blade is considered to be a separate device\b\f1 .\b0\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx1437\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may use your other SQL Server 2008 CALs instead of the Workgroup CALs to access your instances of the server software\f1 .\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may use your Windows Small Business Server (\ldblquote SBS\rdblquote ) 2008 CAL Suite for Premium Users or Devices instead of Workgroup CALs to access your instances of the server software within an SBS 2008 domain.\f1\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may use your Windows Essential Business Server (\ldblquote EBS\rdblquote ) 2008 CAL Suite for Premium Users or Devices instead of Workgroup CALs to access your instances of the server software within an EBS 2008 domain\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx1437\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You do not need CALs for any of your servers licensed to run instances of the server software.\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You do not need CALs for up to two devices or users to access your instances of the server software only to administer those instances.\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Your CALs permit access to your instances of earlier versions, but not later versions, of the server software.  If you are accessing instances of an earlier version, you may also use CALs corresponding to that version.\f1\par
\pard\s3\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\b\f0\fs20 ii.\tab\fs19 Types of CALs.  \b0 There are two types of CALs: one for devices and one for users.  Each device CAL permits one device, used by any user, to access instances of the server software on your licensed servers.  Each user CAL permits one user, using any device, to access instances of the server software on your licensed servers.  You may use a combination of device and user CALs.\b\f1\par
\pard\s3\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f0\fs20 iii.\tab\fs19 Reassignment of CALs.  \b0 You may\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx1437\f2\'b7\tab\f0 permanently reassign your device CAL from one device to another, or your user CAL from one user to another; or\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 temporarily reassign your device CAL to a loaner device while the first device is out of service, or your user CAL to a temporary worker while the user is absent\cf2\f1 .\cf0\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 TERMS SPECIFIC TO THE PER PROCESSOR LICENSE MODEL\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Licensing a Server.  \b0 Before you run instances of the server software on a server, you must determine the required number of software licenses and assign those licenses to that server as described below.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\f0\fs20 i.\tab\fs19 Determining the Number of Licenses Required\b0 .  You must first determine the number of software licenses you need.  The total number of software licenses required for a server equals the sum of the software licenses required under (A) and (B) below.\par
\pard\fi-363\li1440\sb120\sa120 (A)\tab To run instances of the server software in the physical operating system environment on a server, you need a software license for each physical processor that the physical operating system environment uses.\par
(B)\tab To run instances of the server software in virtual operating system environments on a server, you need a software license for each virtual processor that each of those virtual operating system environments uses.  If a virtual operating system environment uses a fraction of a virtual processor, the fraction counts as a full virtual processor.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Assigning the Required Number of Licenses to the Server.  \par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\fs20 i.\tab\b0\fs19 After you determine the number of software licenses you need for a server, you must assign that number of software licenses to that server. That server is the licensed server for all of those licenses. You may not assign the same license to more than one server. A hardware partition or blade is considered to be a separate server.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\b\fs20 ii.\tab\b0\fs19 You may reassign the software license, but not within 90 days of the last assignment.  You may reassign a software license sooner if you retire the licensed server due to permanent hardware failure.  If you reassign a license, the server to which you reassign the license becomes the new licensed server for that license.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs19 Running Instances of the Server Software\b0 .  For each server to which you have assigned the required number of software licenses, you may run, at any one time, any number of instances of the server software in physical and virtual operating system environments on the licensed server.  However, the total number of physical and virtual processors used by those operating system environments cannot exceed the number of software licenses assigned to that server.\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\b\f3\fs20 d.\tab\f0\fs19 Running Instances of the Additional Software.  \b0 You may run or otherwise use any number of instances of additional software listed below in physical or virtual operating system environments on any number of devices.  You may use additional software only with the server software directly, or indirectly through other additional software.  \par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Business Intelligence Development Studio\f1\fs14\par
\f2\fs19\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Client Tools Backward Compatibility\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Client Tools Connectivity\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Client Tools Software Development Kit\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Management Studio\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Integration Services\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 SQL Client Connectivity SDK\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Microsoft Sync Framework\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 SQL Server 2008 Books Online\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 e.\tab\f0\fs19 Creating and Storing Instances on Your Servers or Storage Media\b0 .  You have the additional rights below for each software license you acquire.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may create any number of instances of the server software and additional software.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may store instances of the server software and additional software on any of your servers or storage media.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may create and store instances of the server software and additional software solely to exercise your right to run instances of the server software under any of your software licenses as described (e.g., you may not distribute instances to third parties).\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 f.\tab\f0\fs19 No Client Access Licenses (CALs) Required for Access.  \b0 You do not need CALs for the other devices to access your instances of the server software.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 4.\tab\f0\fs19 ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Maximum Instances\b0\f1 .\f0   The software or your hardware may limit the number of instances of the server software that can run in physical or virtual operating system environments on the server.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\b\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Multiplexing.  \b0 Hardware or software you use to\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 pool connections\f1 ,\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reroute information, and\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reduce the number of devices or users that directly access or use the software, or\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reduce the number of devices or users the software directly manages,\f1\par
\pard\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 (sometimes referred to as \ldblquote multiplexing\rdblquote  or \ldblquote pooling\rdblquote ), does not reduce the number of licenses of any type that you need.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs19 Included Microsoft Programs.  \b0 The software contains other Microsoft programs.  The license terms with those programs apply to your use of them.\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\b\f3\fs20 d.\tab\f0\fs19 No Separation of Server Software.  \b0 You may not separate the server software for use in more than one operating system environment under a single license, unless expressly permitted.  This applies even if the operating system environments are on the same physical hardware system.\par
\b\f3\fs20 e.\tab\f0\fs19 Fail-over Server.  \b0 For any operating system environment in which you run instances of the server software, you may run up to the same number of passive fail-over instances in a separate operating system environment for temporary support.  If you have licensed the server software under the Per Processor licensing model, the number of processors used in that separate operating system environment must not exceed the number of processors used in the corresponding operating system environment in which the active instances are running.  You may run the passive fail-over instances on a server other than the licensed server.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 5.\tab\f0\fs19 PRODUCT KEYS.\b0\f1\~\~\f0 The software requires a key to install or access it.\~\~You are responsible for the use of keys assigned to you.\~ You should not share the keys with third parties.  You may not use keys assigned to third parties.\f1\par
\b\f3\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. \b0  Microsoft provides Internet-based services with the software.  It may change or cancel them at any time.\f1\par
\b\f3\fs20 7.\tab\f0\fs19 MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK AND POWERSHELL SOFTWARE.  \b0 The software contains Microsoft .NET Framework and PowerShell software.  These software components are part of Windows.\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\b\f3\fs20 8.\tab\f0\fs19 BENCHMARK TESTING.  \b0 You must obtain Microsoft's prior written approval to disclose to a third party the results of any benchmark test of the software\f1 .\f0   However, this does not apply to the Windows components.  For Microsoft .NET Framework see below.\f1\par
\pard\b\f3\fs20 9.\tab\f0\fs19 MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK.  \b0 The software includes one or more components of the .NET Framework (\ldblquote .NET Components\rdblquote ). \~You may conduct internal benchmark testing of those components. \~You may disclose the results of any benchmark test of those components, provided that you comply with the conditions set forth at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406\f1 .\~\f0  Notwithstanding any other agreement you may have with Microsoft, if you disclose such benchmark test results, Microsoft shall have the right to disclose the results of benchmark tests it conducts of your products that compete with the applicable .NET Component, provided it complies with the same conditions set forth at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406\f1 .\par
\b\f3\fs20 10.\tab\f0\fs19 SCOPE OF LICENSE.  \b0 The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software.  Microsoft reserves all other rights.  Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement.  In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways.  For more information, see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone\f1 .\f0   You may not\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 work around any technical limitations in the software;\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 publish the software for others to copy;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 rent, lease or lend the software; or\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 use the software for commercial software hosting services.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360 Rights to access the software on any device do not give you any right to implement Microsoft patents or other Microsoft intellectual property in software or devices that access that device\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 11.\tab\f0\fs19 BACKUP COPY.  \b0 You may make one backup copy of the software media.  You may use it only to create instances of the software.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\b\f3\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 DOCUMENTATION.  \b0 Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.\par
\b\f3\fs20 13.\tab\f0\fs19 NOT FOR RESALE SOFTWARE.  \b0 You may not sell software marked as \ldblquote NFR\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Not for Resale.\rdblquote\par
\b\f3\fs20 14.\tab\f0\fs19 ACADEMIC EDITION SOFTWARE.  \b0 You must be a \ldblquote Qualified Educational User\rdblquote  to use software marked as \ldblquote Academic Edition\rdblquote  or \ldblquote AE.\rdblquote    If you do not know whether you are a Qualified Educational User, visit www.microsoft.com/education or contact the Microsoft affiliate serving your country.\par
\b\f3\fs20 15.\tab\f0\fs19 DOWNGRADE.  \b0 Instead of creating, storing and using the software, for each permitted instance, you may create, store and use an instance of an earlier version.  This agreement applies to your use of the earlier version.  If the earlier version includes different components, any terms for those components in the agreement that comes with the earlier version apply to your use of them.  Microsoft is not obligated to supply earlier versions to you.  At any time, you may replace an earlier version with this version of the software.\f1\par
\pard\b\f3\fs20 16.\tab\f0\fs19 PROOF OF LICENSE\b0 .  If you acquired the software on a disc or other media, a genuine Microsoft Proof of License label with a genuine copy of the software identifies licensed software.  This label must accompany Microsoft packaging to be valid and may not be sold separately. You should keep the packaging that has the label on it to prove that you are licensed to use the software.  To identify genuine Microsoft software, see \cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.howtotell.com" }}{\fldrslt{www.howtotell.com}}}\cf0\ulnone\f1\fs19 .\par
\pard\s1\fi-357\li357\tx360\b\f3\fs20 17.\tab\f0\fs19 TRANSFER TO A THIRD PARTY.\b0   The first user of the software may transfer it, this agreement\f1 ,\cf3\f0  \cf0 and CALs directly to a third party.  Before the transfer, that party must agree that this agreement applies to the transfer and use of the software.  The transfer must include the software and the Proof of License label.  The first user may not retain any instances of the software unless that user also retains another license for the software.\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 18.\tab\f0\fs19 EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  \b0 The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations.  You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software.  These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.  For additional information, see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\b\f3\fs20 19.\tab\f0\fs19 SUPPORT SERVICES.  \b0 Microsoft provides support services for the software as described at \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone\f1 .\par
\b\f3\fs20 20.\tab\f0\fs19 ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  \b0 This agreement (including the warranty below), and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\par
\b\f3\fs20 21.\tab\f0\fs19 APPLICABLE LAW.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 United States.  \b0 If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles.  The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\b\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Outside the United States.  \b0 If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 22.\tab\f0\fs19 LEGAL EFFECT.  \b0 This agreement describes certain legal rights.  You may have other rights under the laws of your state or country.  You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software.  This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your state or country if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\b\f3\fs20 23.\tab\f0\fs19 LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES.  YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b0 This limitation applies to\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360 It also applies even if\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 repair, replacement or a refund for the software does not fully compensate you for any losses; or\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360 Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.  They also may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages. \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\tx360 **************************************************************************************\f1\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\qc\tx360\b\f0 LIMITED WARRANTY\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab LIMITED WARRANTY.\b0   If you follow the instructions, the software will perform substantially as described in the Microsoft materials that you receive in or with the software.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\f0 B.\tab\b0 TERM OF WARRANTY; WARRANTY RECIPIENT; LENGTH OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES.  THE LIMITED WARRANTY COVERS THE SOFTWARE FOR ONE YEAR AFTER ACQUIRED BY THE FIRST USER.  IF YOU RECEIVE SUPPLEMENTS, UPDATES, OR REPLACEMENT SOFTWARE DURING THAT YEAR, THEY WILL BE COVERED FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE WARRANTY OR 30 DAYS, WHICHEVER IS LONGER.  If the first user transfers the software, the remainder of the warranty will apply to the recipient.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360 TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS LAST ONLY DURING THE TERM OF THE LIMITED WARRANTY.  Some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so these limitations may not apply to you.  They also might not apply to you because some countries may not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty, guarantee or condition lasts.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab EXCLUSIONS FROM WARRANTY.\b0   This warranty does not cover problems caused by your acts (or failures to act), the acts of others, or events beyond Microsoft\rquote s reasonable control.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b D.\tab\b0 REMEDY FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.  MICROSOFT WILL REPAIR OR REPLACE THE SOFTWARE AT NO CHARGE.  IF MICROSOFT CANNOT REPAIR OR REPLACE IT, MICROSOFT WILL REFUND THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON YOUR RECEIPT FOR THE SOFTWARE.  IT WILL ALSO REPAIR OR REPLACE SUPPLEMENTS, UPDATES AND REPLACEMENT SOFTWARE AT NO CHARGE.  IF MICROSOFT CANNOT REPAIR OR REPLACE THEM, IT WILL REFUND THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THEM, IF ANY.  YOU MUST UNINSTALL THE SOFTWARE AND RETURN ANY MEDIA AND OTHER ASSOCIATED MATERIALS TO MICROSOFT WITH PROOF OF PURCHASE TO OBTAIN A REFUND.  THESE ARE YOUR ONLY REMEDIES FOR BREACH OF THE LIMITED WARRANTY.\par
\b E.\tab\b0 CONSUMER RIGHTS NOT AFFECTED.  YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, WHICH THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE.\par
\b F.\tab WARRANTY PROCEDURES.  \b0 You need proof of purchase for warranty service.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f0 1.\tab United States and Canada.\b0   For warranty service or information about how to obtain a refund for software acquired in the United States and Canada, contact Microsoft at\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT;\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399; or\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 visit \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f0 2.\tab Europe, Middle East and Africa.  \b0 If you acquired the software in Europe, the Middle East or Africa, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited makes this limited warranty.  To make a claim under this warranty, you should contact either\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Ireland; or\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 the Microsoft affiliate serving your country (see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f0 3.\tab Outside United States, Canada, Europe, Middle East and Africa.  \b0 If you acquired the software outside the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, contact the Microsoft affiliate serving your country (see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 G.\tab\b0 NO OTHER WARRANTIES.  THE LIMITED WARRANTY IS THE ONLY DIRECT WARRANTY FROM MICROSOFT.  MICROSOFT GIVES NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS.  WHERE ALLOWED BY YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  If your local laws give you any implied warranties, guarantees or conditions, despite this exclusion, your remedies are described in the Remedy for Breach of Warranty clause above, to the extent permitted by your local laws.\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b\f0 H.\tab\b0 LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.  THE LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES CLAUSE ABOVE APPLIES TO BREACHES OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\tx360 THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.  YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM COUNTRY TO COUNTRY. \f1\par
\f0 Please note: As this software is distributed in Quebec, Canada, some of the clauses in this agreement are provided below in French.\f1\par
\pard\sb240\lang1036\b\f0 Remarque: Ce logiciel \'e9tant distribu\'e9 au Qu\'e9bec, Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en fran\'e7ais.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\qc\tx360\lang1033 GARANTIE LIMIT\'c9E\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1036 A.\tab GARANTIE LIMIT\'c9E.\b0   Si vous suivez les instructions, le logiciel fonctionnera dans son ensemble comme il est d\'e9crit dans la documentation de Microsoft re\'e7ue avec ou dans le logiciel.\f1\par
\b\f0 B.\tab DUR\'c9E DE LA GARANTIE; B\'c9N\'c9FICIAIRE DE LA GARANTIE; DUR\'c9E DE TOUTE GARANTIE IMPLICITE.  La garantie limit\'e9e couvre le logiciel pendant un an apr\'e8s son acquisition par le premier utilisateur.  Si vous recevez des compl\'e9ments, des mises \'e0 jour ou un logiciel de remplacement au cours de cette ann\'e9e, ils seront couverts par la garantie pendant la dur\'e9e restante ou pendant 30 jours, la p\'e9riode la plus longue \'e9tant retenue\b0 .  Si le premier utilisateur transf\'e8re le logiciel, la dur\'e9e restante de la garantie s\rquote applique au destinataire.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b Dans la limite autoris\'e9e par la loi en vigueur, toute garantie ou condition implicite dont vous b\'e9n\'e9ficiez prendra fin au terme de la garantie limit\'e9e\b0 .  Certains \'c9tats n\rquote autorisent pas les limitations portant sur la dur\'e9e d\rquote une garantie implicite, de sorte que les limitations ci-dessus peuvent ne pas vous \'eatre applicables.  Elles peuvent \'e9galement ne pas vous \'eatre applicables, car certains pays n\rquote autorisent pas les limitations portant sur la dur\'e9e d\rquote une garantie ou condition implicite.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab EXCLUSIONS DE LA GARANTIE.\b0   Cette garantie ne couvre pas les probl\'e8mes engendr\'e9s par vos propres actes (ou absences d\rquote actes), ceux de tiers ou tout autre \'e9v\'e9nement ind\'e9pendant de la volont\'e9 de Microsoft.\par
\b D.\tab RECOURS DANS LE CADRE DE LA VIOLATION DE GARANTIE\b0 .  Nous nous engageons \'e0 r\'e9parer ou \'e0 remplacer le logiciel gratuitement.  Si nous ne pouvons pas le r\'e9parer ni le remplacer, nous rembourserons le montant que vous avez pay\'e9 pour le logiciel figurant sur le re\'e7u.  Nous nous engageons \'e0 r\'e9parer ou \'e0 remplacer les compl\'e9ments, les mises \'e0 jour et le logiciel de remplacement gratuitement.  Si nous ne pouvons pas les r\'e9parer ni les remplacer, nous rembourserons le montant que vous avez pay\'e9 pour ces composants, le cas \'e9ch\'e9ant.  Vous devez d\'e9sinstaller le logiciel et le renvoyer \'e0 Microsoft avec une preuve d\rquote achat pour vous faire rembourser.  Ces recours sont les seuls dont vous disposez dans le cadre de la violation de garantie limit\'e9e.\par
\b E.\tab DROITS DES CONSOMMATEURS NON AFFECT\'c9S\b0 .  Vous pouvez b\'e9n\'e9ficier de droits des consommateurs suppl\'e9mentaires dans le cadre du droit local, que ce contrat ne peut modifier.\par
\b F.\tab PROC\'c9DURES RELATIVES AUX R\'c9CLAMATIONS DANS LE CADRE DE LA GARANTIE.\b0   Vous devrez fournir une preuve d\rquote achat pour obtenir de l\rquote aide en mati\'e8re de garantie.\par
\pard\s2\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\b 1.\tab\'c9tats-Unis et Canada.\b0   Pour obtenir de l\rquote aide en mati\'e8re de garantie ou des informations sur la proc\'e9dure \'e0 suivre pour vous faire rembourser un logiciel acquis aux \'c9tats-Unis et au Canada, mettez-vous en rapport avec Microsoft\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1033\f2\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT ;\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 ; ou\par
\lang1036\f2\'b7\tab\f0 en visitant www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm.\par
\pard\s2\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\b 2.\tab Europe, Moyen-Orient et Afrique.\b0   Si vous avez acquis le logiciel en Europe, au Moyen-Orient ou en Afrique, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited offre cette garantie limit\'e9e.  Pour faire une r\'e9clamation au titre de cette garantie, vous devez vous mettre en rapport avec\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Irlande ; ou\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 votre filiale nationale de Microsoft (visitez le site www.microsoft.com/worldwide).\par
\pard\s2\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\b 3.\tab En dehors des \'c9tats-Unis, du Canada, de l\rquote Europe, du Moyen-Orient et de l\rquote Afrique.\b0   Si vous avez acquis le logiciel en dehors des \'c9tats-Unis, du Canada, de l\rquote Europe, du Moyen-Orient et de l\rquote Afrique, mettez-vous en rapport avec votre filiale nationale de Microsoft (visitez le site www.microsoft.com/worldwide).\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b G.\tab AUCUNE AUTRE GARANTIE\b0 .  La garantie limit\'e9e est la seule garantie directe de Microsoft.  Nous n\rquote accordons aucune autre garantie ou condition expresse.  Dans toute la mesure permise par le droit local, les garanties implicites de qualit\'e9 marchande, d\rquote ad\'e9quation \'e0 un usage particulier et d\rquote absence de contrefa\'e7on sont exclues.  Si le droit local vous accorde des garanties ou conditions implicites, nonobstant la pr\'e9sente exclusion, les recours dont vous disposez sont ceux pr\'e9sent\'e9s dans la clause de recours dans le cadre de la violation de garantie ci-dessus, dans la limite autoris\'e9e par le droit local.\par
\b H.\tab LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INT\'c9R\'caTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILIT\'c9 DANS LE CADRE DE LA VIOLATION DE GARANTIE\b0 .  La clause de limitation des dommages-int\'e9r\'eats et exclusion de responsabilit\'e9 ci-dessous s\rquote applique aux violations de cette garantie limit\'e9e.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\tx360\b La pr\'e9sente garantie vous conf\'e8re des droits l\'e9gaux sp\'e9cifiques et vous pouvez \'e9galement b\'e9n\'e9ficier d\rquote autres droits qui varient d\rquote un \'c9tat \'e0 l\rquote autre.  Vous pouvez \'e9galement b\'e9n\'e9ficier d\rquote autres droits qui varient d\rquote un pays \'e0 l\rquote autre.\f1\par
\f0 LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INT\'c9R\'caTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILIT\'c9 POUR LES DOMMAGES\b0 .  Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement \'e0 hauteur du montant que vous avez pay\'e9 pour le logiciel. Vous ne pouvez pr\'e9tendre \'e0 aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages sp\'e9ciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de b\'e9n\'e9fices.\f1\par
\lang1033\f0 Cette limitation concerne\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1036\f2\'b7\tab\f0 toute affaire li\'e9e au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers ; et\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 les r\'e9clamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie ou condition, ou au titre de responsabilit\'e9 stricte, de n\'e9gligence ou d\rquote une autre faute dans la limite autoris\'e9e par la loi en vigueur.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1033 Elle s\rquote applique \'e9galement, m\'eame si\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1036\f2\'b7\tab\f0 la r\'e9paration, le remplacement ou le remboursement du logiciel ne compense pas int\'e9gralement toute perte subie; ou\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft connaissait l\rquote\'e9ventualit\'e9 d\rquote un tel dommage.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\tx360 Certains \'c9tats n\rquote autorisent pas l\rquote exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilit\'e9 pour les dommages indirects ou accessoires, de sorte que la limitation ou l\rquote exclusion ci-dessus peut ne pas vous \'eatre applicable.  Elles peuvent \'e9galement ne pas vous \'eatre applicables, car votre pays n\rquote autorise pas l\rquote exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilit\'e9 pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit.\f1\par
\b\f0 EFFET JURIDIQUE.\b0   Le pr\'e9sent contrat d\'e9crit certains droits juridiques. Vous pourriez avoir d\rquote autres droits pr\'e9vus par les lois de votre \'c9tat ou pays. Vous pourriez \'e9galement avoir des droits \'e0 l\rquote\'e9gard de la partie de qui vous avez acquis de logiciel. Le pr\'e9sent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous conf\'e8rent les lois de votre \'c9tat ou pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.\cf3\f1\par
\cf0\par
}
 