{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sb120\sa120\b\f0\fs28 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\f1\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\f0 MICROSOFT SQL SERVER 2008 DEVELOPER EDITION\f1\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\f0\fs19 These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you.  Please read them.  They apply to the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any.  The terms also apply to any Microsoft\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 updates, \par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 supplements, \par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Internet-based services, and\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 support services\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.  If so, those terms apply.\f1\par
\pard\b\f0 BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.  INSTEAD, RETURN IT TO THE RETAILER FOR A REFUND OR CREDIT.\b0   If you cannot obtain a refund there, contact Microsoft or the Microsoft affiliate serving your country for information about Microsoft\rquote s refund policies.  See \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone .  In the United States and Canada, call (800) MICROSOFT or see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm" }}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs19 .\b\f1\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\f0 IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW FOR EACH LICENSE YOU ACQUIRE.\f1\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 OVERVIEW.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Software.  \b0 The software includes development tools, software programs and documentation.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 License Model.  \b0 The software is licensed on a per user basis.\b\f1\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 General.  \b0 One user may install and use copies of the software to design, develop, test and demonstrate your programs.  You may not use the software in a production environment, including staging on a server in a production environment prior to production use.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 User Testing.  \b0 Your end users may access the software to perform acceptance tests on your programs.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs19 Demonstration.  \b0 Any person that has access to your internal network may install and use copies of the software to demonstrate use of your programs with the software.  Those copies may not be used for any other purpose.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 d.\tab\f0\fs19 Included Microsoft Programs.  \b0 These license terms apply to all Microsoft programs included with the software.  If the license terms with any of those programs give you other rights that do not expressly conflict with these license terms, you also have those rights.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 PRODUCT KEYS.\b0   The software requires a key to install or access it.\~\~You are responsible for the use of keys assigned to you.\~ You should not share the keys with third parties.  You may not use keys assigned to third parties.\f1\par
\b\f3\fs20 4.\tab\f0\fs19 INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. \b0  Microsoft provides Internet-based services with the software.  It may change or cancel them at any time.\f1\par
\b\f3\fs20 5.\tab\f0\fs19 .NET FRAMEWORK AND POWERSHELL SOFTWARE.  \b0 The software contains Microsoft .NET Framework and PowerShell software.  These software components are part of Windows.\f1\par
\b\f3\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 BENCHMARK TESTING.  \b0 You must obtain Microsoft's prior written approval to disclose to a third party the results of any benchmark test of the software.  However, this does not apply to the Windows components.  For Microsoft .NET Framework see below.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\f3\fs20 7.\tab\f0\fs19 MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK.  \b0 The software includes one or more components of the .NET Framework (\ldblquote .NET Components\rdblquote ). \~You may conduct internal benchmark testing of those components. \~You may disclose the results of any benchmark test of those components, provided that you comply with the conditions set forth at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406.\~ Notwithstanding any other agreement you may have with Microsoft, if you disclose such benchmark test results, Microsoft shall have the right to disclose the results of benchmark tests it conducts of your products that compete with the applicable .NET Component, provided it complies with the same conditions set forth at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 8.\tab\f0\fs19 SCOPE OF LICENSE.  \b0 The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software.  Microsoft reserves all other rights.  Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement.  In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways.  For more information, see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone .  You may not\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 work around any technical limitations in the software;\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 publish the software for others to copy;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 rent, lease or lend the software; or\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 use the software for commercial software hosting services.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 9.\tab\f0\fs19 BACKUP COPY.  \b0 You may make one backup copy of the software.  You may use it only to reinstall the software.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 10.\tab\f0\fs19 DOCUMENTATION.  \b0 Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 11.\tab\f0\fs19 NOT FOR RESALE SOFTWARE.  \b0 You may not sell software marked as \ldblquote NFR\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Not for Resale.\rdblquote\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 ACADEMIC EDITION SOFTWARE.  \b0 You must be a \ldblquote Qualified Educational User\rdblquote  to use software marked as \ldblquote Academic Edition\rdblquote  or \ldblquote AE.\rdblquote    If you do not know whether you are a Qualified Educational User, visit www.microsoft.com/education or contact the Microsoft affiliate serving your country.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\f3\fs20 13.\tab\f0\fs19 PROOF OF LICENSE.  \b0 If you acquired the software on a disc or other media, a genuine Microsoft Proof of License label with a genuine copy of the software identifies licensed software.  This label must accompany Microsoft packaging to be valid and may not be sold separately. You should keep the packaging that has the label on it to prove that you are licensed to use the software.  To identify genuine Microsoft software, see \cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.howtotell.com" }}{\fldrslt{www.howtotell.com}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs19 .\par
\b\f1\par
\pard\s1\fi-357\li357\tx360\f3\fs20 14.\tab\f0\fs19 TRANSFER TO A THIRD PARTY.\b0   The first user of the software may transfer it and this agreement directly to a third party.  Before the transfer, that party must agree that this agreement applies to the transfer and use of the software.  The transfer must include the software and the Proof of License label.  The first user must uninstall the software before transferring it separately from the device.  The first user may not retain any copies.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 15.\tab\f0\fs19 EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  \b0 The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations.  You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software.  These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.  For additional information, see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone .\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 16.\tab\f0\fs19 SUPPORT SERVICES.  \b0 Microsoft provides support services for the software as described at \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone .\par
\b\f3\fs20 17.\tab\f0\fs19 ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  \b0 This agreement (including the warranty below), and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\b\f1\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 18.\tab\f0\fs19 APPLICABLE LAW.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 United States.  \b0 If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles.  The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Outside the United States.  \b0 If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 19.\tab\f0\fs19 LEGAL EFFECT.  \b0 This agreement describes certain legal rights.  You may have other rights under the laws of your state or country.  You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software.  This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your state or country if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 20.\tab\f0\fs19 LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES.  YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 This limitation applies to\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120 It also applies even if\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 repair, replacement or a refund for the software does not fully compensate you for any losses; or\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120 Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.  They also may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages. \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\f1\page\b\f0 ***********************************************************************\f1\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\qc\f0 LIMITED WARRANTY\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab LIMITED WARRANTY.\b0   If you follow the instructions, the software will perform substantially as described in the Microsoft materials that you receive in or with the software.\b\f1\par
\f0 B.\tab TERM OF WARRANTY; WARRANTY RECIPIENT; LENGTH OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES.  THE LIMITED WARRANTY COVERS THE SOFTWARE FOR ONE YEAR AFTER ACQUIRED BY THE FIRST USER.  IF YOU RECEIVE SUPPLEMENTS, UPDATES, OR REPLACEMENT SOFTWARE DURING THAT YEAR, THEY WILL BE COVERED FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE WARRANTY OR 30 DAYS, WHICHEVER IS LONGER. \b0  If the first user transfers the software, the remainder of the warranty will apply to the recipient\b .\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120 TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS LAST ONLY DURING THE TERM OF THE LIMITED WARRANTY.\b0   Some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so these limitations may not apply to you.  They also might not apply to you because some countries may not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty, guarantee or condition lasts.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab EXCLUSIONS FROM WARRANTY.\b0   This warranty does not cover problems caused by your acts (or failures to act), the acts of others, or events beyond Microsoft\rquote s reasonable control.\par
\b D.\tab REMEDY FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.  MICROSOFT WILL REPAIR OR REPLACE THE SOFTWARE AT NO CHARGE.  IF MICROSOFT CANNOT REPAIR OR REPLACE IT, MICROSOFT WILL REFUND THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON YOUR RECEIPT FOR THE SOFTWARE.  IT WILL ALSO REPAIR OR REPLACE SUPPLEMENTS, UPDATES AND REPLACEMENT SOFTWARE AT NO CHARGE.  IF MICROSOFT CANNOT REPAIR OR REPLACE THEM, IT WILL REFUND THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THEM, IF ANY.  YOU MUST UNINSTALL THE SOFTWARE AND RETURN ANY MEDIA AND OTHER ASSOCIATED MATERIALS TO MICROSOFT WITH PROOF OF PURCHASE TO OBTAIN A REFUND.  THESE ARE YOUR ONLY REMEDIES FOR BREACH OF THE LIMITED WARRANTY.\par
E.\tab CONSUMER RIGHTS NOT AFFECTED.  YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, WHICH THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE.\par
F.\tab WARRANTY PROCEDURES.  \b0 You need proof of purchase for warranty service.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f0 1.\tab United States and Canada.\b0   For warranty service or information about how to obtain a refund for software acquired in the United States and Canada, contact Microsoft at\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT;\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399; or\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 visit \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone .\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b 2.\tab Europe, Middle East and Africa.  \b0 If you acquired the software in Europe, the Middle East or Africa, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited makes this limited warranty.  To make a claim under this warranty, you should contact either\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Ireland; or\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 the Microsoft affiliate serving your country (see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f0 3.\tab Outside United States, Canada, Europe, Middle East and Africa.  \b0 If you acquired the software outside the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, contact the Microsoft affiliate serving your country (see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 G.\tab NO OTHER WARRANTIES.  THE LIMITED WARRANTY IS THE ONLY DIRECT WARRANTY FROM MICROSOFT.  MICROSOFT GIVES NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS.  WHERE ALLOWED BY YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  \b0 If your local laws give you any implied warranties, guarantees or conditions, despite this exclusion, your remedies are described in the Remedy for Breach of Warranty clause above, to the extent permitted by your local laws.\b\f1\par
\f0 H.\tab LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.  THE LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES CLAUSE ABOVE APPLIES TO BREACHES OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.  YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM COUNTRY TO COUNTRY.\b0  \f1\page\b\f0 Please note: As this software is distributed in Quebec, Canada, some of the clauses in this agreement are provided below in French.\b0\f1\par
\pard\sb240\lang1036\b\f0 Remarque : Ce logiciel \'e9tant distribu\'e9 au Qu\'e9bec, Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en fran\'e7ais.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\qc\lang1033 GARANTIE LIMIT\'c9E\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\lang1036 A.\tab GARANTIE LIMIT\'c9E.\b0   Si vous suivez les instructions, le logiciel fonctionnera dans son ensemble comme il est d\'e9crit dans la documentation de Microsoft re\'e7ue avec ou dans le logiciel.\par
\b B.\tab DUR\'c9E DE LA GARANTIE ; B\'c9N\'c9FICIAIRE DE LA GARANTIE ; DUR\'c9E DE TOUTE GARANTIE IMPLICITE.  La garantie limit\'e9e couvre le logiciel pendant un an apr\'e8s son acquisition par le premier utilisateur.  Si vous recevez des compl\'e9ments, des mises \'e0 jour ou un logiciel de remplacement au cours de cette ann\'e9e, ils seront couverts par la garantie pendant la dur\'e9e restante ou pendant 30 jours, la p\'e9riode la plus longue \'e9tant retenue.\b0   Si le premier utilisateur transf\'e8re le logiciel, la dur\'e9e restante de la garantie s\rquote applique au destinataire.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\b Dans la limite autoris\'e9e par la loi en vigueur, toute garantie ou condition implicite dont vous b\'e9n\'e9ficiez prendra fin au terme de la garantie limit\'e9e.\b0   Certains \'c9tats n\rquote autorisent pas les limitations portant sur la dur\'e9e d\rquote une garantie implicite, de sorte que les limitations ci-dessus peuvent ne pas vous \'eatre applicables.  Elles peuvent \'e9galement ne pas vous \'eatre applicables, car certains pays n\rquote autorisent pas les limitations portant sur la dur\'e9e d\rquote une garantie ou condition implicite.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab EXCLUSIONS DE LA GARANTIE.\b0   Cette garantie ne couvre pas les probl\'e8mes engendr\'e9s par vos propres actes (ou absences d\rquote actes), ceux de tiers ou tout autre \'e9v\'e9nement ind\'e9pendant de la volont\'e9 de Microsoft.\par
\b D.\tab RECOURS DANS LE CADRE DE LA VIOLATION DE GARANTIE.  Nous nous engageons \'e0 r\'e9parer ou \'e0 remplacer le logiciel gratuitement.  Si nous ne pouvons pas le r\'e9parer ni le remplacer, nous rembourserons le montant que vous avez pay\'e9 pour le logiciel figurant sur le re\'e7u.  Nous nous engageons \'e0 r\'e9parer ou \'e0 remplacer les compl\'e9ments, les mises \'e0 jour et le logiciel de remplacement gratuitement.  Si nous ne pouvons pas les r\'e9parer ni les remplacer, nous rembourserons le montant que vous avez pay\'e9 pour ces composants, le cas \'e9ch\'e9ant.  Vous devez d\'e9sinstaller le logiciel et le renvoyer \'e0 Microsoft avec une preuve d\rquote achat pour vous faire rembourser.  Ces recours sont les seuls dont vous disposez dans le cadre de la violation de garantie limit\'e9e.\par
E.\tab DROITS DES CONSOMMATEURS NON AFFECT\'c9S.  Vous pouvez b\'e9n\'e9ficier de droits des consommateurs suppl\'e9mentaires dans le cadre du droit local, que ce contrat ne peut modifier.\par
F.\tab PROC\'c9DURES RELATIVES AUX R\'c9CLAMATIONS DANS LE CADRE DE LA GARANTIE.\b0   Vous devrez fournir une preuve d\rquote achat pour obtenir de l\rquote aide en mati\'e8re de garantie.\par
\pard\s2\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\b 1.\tab\'c9tats-Unis et Canada.\b0   Pour obtenir de l\rquote aide en mati\'e8re de garantie ou des informations sur la proc\'e9dure \'e0 suivre pour vous faire rembourser un logiciel acquis aux \'c9tats-Unis et au Canada, mettez-vous en rapport avec Microsoft\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\lang1033\f2\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT ;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 ; ou\par
\lang1036\f2\'b7\tab\f0 en visitant www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm.\par
\pard\s2\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\b 2.\tab Europe, Moyen-Orient et Afrique.\b0   Si vous avez acquis le logiciel en Europe, au Moyen-Orient ou en Afrique, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited offre cette garantie limit\'e9e.  Pour faire une r\'e9clamation au titre de cette garantie, vous devez vous mettre en rapport avec\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Irlande ; ou\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 votre filiale nationale de Microsoft (visitez le site www.microsoft.com/worldwide).\par
\pard\s2\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360\b 3.\tab En dehors des \'c9tats-Unis, du Canada, de l\rquote Europe, du Moyen-Orient et de l\rquote Afrique.\b0   Si vous avez acquis le logiciel en dehors des \'c9tats-Unis, du Canada, de l\rquote Europe, du Moyen-Orient et de l\rquote Afrique, mettez-vous en rapport avec votre filiale nationale de Microsoft (visitez le site www.microsoft.com/worldwide).\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b G.\tab AUCUNE AUTRE GARANTIE.  La garantie limit\'e9e est la seule garantie directe de Microsoft.  Nous n\rquote accordons aucune autre garantie ou condition expresse.  Dans toute la mesure permise par le droit local, les garanties implicites de qualit\'e9 marchande, d\rquote ad\'e9quation \'e0 un usage particulier et d\rquote absence de contrefa\'e7on sont exclues.\b0   Si le droit local vous accorde des garanties ou conditions implicites, nonobstant la pr\'e9sente exclusion, les recours dont vous disposez sont ceux pr\'e9sent\'e9s dans la clause de recours dans le cadre de la violation de garantie ci-dessus, dans la limite autoris\'e9e par le droit local.\par
\b H.\tab LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INT\'c9R\'caTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILIT\'c9 DANS LE CADRE DE LA VIOLATION DE GARANTIE.  La clause de limitation des dommages-int\'e9r\'eats et exclusion de responsabilit\'e9 ci-dessous s\rquote applique aux violations de cette garantie limit\'e9e.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 La pr\'e9sente garantie vous conf\'e8re des droits l\'e9gaux sp\'e9cifiques et vous pouvez \'e9galement b\'e9n\'e9ficier d\rquote autres droits qui varient d\rquote un \'c9tat \'e0 l\rquote autre.  Vous pouvez \'e9galement b\'e9n\'e9ficier d\rquote autres droits qui varient d\rquote un pays \'e0 l\rquote autre.\f1\par
\f0 LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INT\'c9R\'caTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILIT\'c9 POUR LES DOMMAGES.  Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement \'e0 hauteur du montant que vous avez pay\'e9 pour le logiciel. Vous ne pouvez pr\'e9tendre \'e0 aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages sp\'e9ciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de b\'e9n\'e9fices.\f1\par
\lang1033\b0\f0 Cette limitation concerne\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1036\f2\'b7\tab\f0 toute affaire li\'e9e au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers ; et\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 les r\'e9clamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie ou condition, ou au titre de responsabilit\'e9 stricte, de n\'e9gligence ou d\rquote une autre faute dans la limite autoris\'e9e par la loi en vigueur.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\lang1033 Elle s\rquote applique \'e9galement, m\'eame si\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\lang1036\f2\'b7\tab\f0 la r\'e9paration, le remplacement ou le remboursement du logiciel ne compense pas int\'e9gralement toute perte subie ; ou\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft connaissait l\rquote\'e9ventualit\'e9 d\rquote un tel dommage.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 Certains \'c9tats n\rquote autorisent pas l\rquote exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilit\'e9 pour les dommages indirects ou accessoires, de sorte que la limitation ou l\rquote exclusion ci-dessus peut ne pas vous \'eatre applicable.  Elles peuvent \'e9galement ne pas vous \'eatre applicables, car votre pays n\rquote autorise pas l\rquote exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilit\'e9 pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit.\f1\par
\b\f0 EFFET JURIDIQUE.\b0   Le pr\'e9sent contrat d\'e9crit certains droits juridiques. Vous pourriez avoir d\rquote autres droits pr\'e9vus par les lois de votre \'c9tat ou pays. Vous pourriez \'e9galement avoir des droits \'e0 l\rquote\'e9gard de la partie de qui vous avez acquis de logiciel. Le pr\'e9sent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous conf\'e8rent les lois de votre \'c9tat ou pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.\cf2\f1\par
}
 