{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sb120\sa120\b\f0\fs28 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\f1\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\f0 MICROSOFT SQL SERVER 2008 ENTERPRISE EDITION\f1\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\f0\fs19 These license terms are an agreement between you and\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 the server manufacturer that distributes the software with the server; or\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 the software installer that distributes the software with the server.\f1\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\f0 Please read them.  They apply to the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any.  Printed paper license terms, which may come with the software, take place of any on-screen license terms.  The terms also apply to any Microsoft\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 updates, \par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 supplements, \par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Internet-based services, and\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 support services\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.  If so, those terms apply.  If you obtain updates or supplements directly from Microsoft, Microsoft, and not the manufacturer or installer, licenses those to you.\f1\par
\b\f0 BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.  INSTEAD, CONTACT THE MANUFACTURER OR INSTALLER TO DETERMINE ITS RETURN POLICY FOR A REFUND OR CREDIT\b0\f1 .\b\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\f0 Each license for the software is acquired under either the Server + Client Access License model or the Per Processor license model, and may not be changed.  If you comply with these license terms you have the rights below for each software license you acquire or each server you appropriately license\f1 ,\f0  as further explained in sections 2 and 3\f1 .\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 OVERVIEW.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Software.  \b0 The software includes\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 server software; and\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 additional software that may only be used with the server software directly, or indirectly through other additional software\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 License Model.  \b0 The software is licensed based on either:\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 the number of instances of server software that you run and the number of devices and users that access instances of the server software (see section 2 \endash  Terms Specific to the Server + Client Access License Model); or\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 the number of physical and virtual processors used by operating system environments in which you run instances of the server software (see section 3 \endash  Terms Specific to the Per Processor License Model)\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs19 Licensing Terminology\f1 .\f0  \f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Instance.\b0   You create an \ldblquote instance\rdblquote  of software by executing the software\rquote s setup or install procedure. You also create an instance of software by duplicating an existing instance.  References to software in this agreement include \ldblquote instances\rdblquote  of the software.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Run an Instance.\b0   You \ldblquote run an instance\rdblquote  of software by loading it into memory and executing one or more of its instructions. Once running, an instance is considered to be running (whether or not its instructions continue to execute) until it is removed from memory.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Operating System Environment.\b0   An \ldblquote operating system environment\rdblquote  is \par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx1437\f2\'b7\tab\f0 all or part of an operating system instance,  or all or part of a virtual (or otherwise emulated) operating system instance which enables separate machine identity (primary computer name or similar unique identifier) or separate administrative rights, and \par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 instances of applications, if any, configured to run on the operating system instance or parts identified above. \par
\pard\li1077\sb120\sa120 There are two types of operating system environments, physical and virtual. A physical operating system environment is configured to run directly on a physical hardware system. The operating system instance used to run hardware virtualization software (e.g. Microsoft Virtual Server or similar technologies) or to provide hardware virtualization services (e.g. Microsoft virtualization technology or similar technologies) is considered part of the physical operating system environment.  A virtual operating system environment is configured to run on a virtual (or otherwise emulated) hardware system. A physical hardware system can have either or both of the following:\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx1437\f2\'b7\tab\f0 one physical operating system environment\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 one or more virtual operating system environments.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Server.\b0   A server is a physical hardware system capable of running server software.  A hardware partition or blade is considered to be a separate physical hardware system.\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Physical and Virtual Processors.\b0   A physical processor is a processor in a physical hardware system. Physical operating system environments use physical processors. A virtual processor is a processor in a virtual (or otherwise emulated) hardware system. Virtual operating system environments use virtual processors. A virtual processor is considered to have the same number of threads and cores as each physical processor on the underlying physical hardware system\f1 .\par
\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Assigning a License.\b0   To assign a license means simply to designate that license to one server\f1 .\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 TERMS SPECIFIC TO THE SERVER + CLIENT ACCESS LICENSE MODEL\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Assignment of the License to the Server\f1 .\f0   \b0 The software license is permanently assigned to the server with which the software was distributed.  If the server has multiple hardware partition(s) or blade(s), you must permanently assign that license to one of the hardware partition(s) or blade(s).    That server is the licensed server for that particular license. You may assign other software licenses to the same server, but you may not assign the same license to more than one server.  A hardware partition or blade is considered to be a separate server.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Running Instances of the Server Software.  \b0 You may run at any one time, any number of instances of the server software in one physical and any number of virtual operating system environments on the licensed server.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs19 Running Instances of the Additional Software. \b0  You may run or otherwise use any number of instances of additional software listed below in physical or virtual operating system environments on any number of devices.  You may use additional software only with the server software directly, or indirectly through other additional software\f1 .\f0   \f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Business Intelligence Development Studio\f1\fs14\par
\pard\fi360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\tx1080\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs19  Client Tools Backward Compatibility\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Client Tools Connectivity\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Client Tools Software Development Kit\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Management Studio\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Integration Services\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 SQL Client Connectivity SDK\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Microsoft Sync Framework\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 SQL Server 2008 Books Online \par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 d.\tab\f0\fs19 Creating and Storing Instances on Your Servers or Storage Media.  \b0 You have the additional rights below for each software license you acquire.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may create any number of instances of the server software and additional software.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may store instances of the server software and additional software on any of your servers or storage media.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may create and store instances of the server software and additional software solely to exercise your right to run instances of the server software under any of your software licenses as described (e.g., you may not distribute instances to third parties).\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 e.\tab\f0\fs19 Client Access Licenses (CALs)\f1 .\par
\pard\s3\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\f0\fs20 i.\tab\b0\fs19 You must acquire and assign a SQL Server 2008 CAL to each device or user that accesses your instances of the server software directly or indirectly.  A hardware partition or blade is considered to be a separate device.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx1437\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may not access instances of the server software under Workgroup Edition CALs.\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may use your Windows Small Business Server (\ldblquote SBS\rdblquote ) 2008 CAL Suite for Premium Users or Devices instead of SQL Server 2008 CALs to access your instances of the server software within an SBS 2008 domain.\f1\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx1437\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may use your Windows Essential Business Server (\ldblquote EBS\rdblquote ) 2008 CAL Suite for Premium Users or Devices instead of SQL Server 2008 CALs to access your instances of the server software within an EBS 2008 domain\f1 .\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You do not need CALs for any of your servers licensed to run instances of the server software.\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You do not need CALs for up to two devices or users to access your instances of the server software only to administer those instances.\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Your CALs permit access to your instances of earlier versions, but not later versions, of the server software.  If you are accessing instances of an earlier version, you may also use CALs corresponding to that version.\f1\par
\pard\s3\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\b\f0\fs20 ii.\tab\fs19 Types of CALs.  \b0 There are two types of CALs: one for devices and one for users.  Each device CAL permits one device, used by any user, to access instances of the server software on your licensed servers.  Each user CAL permits one user, using any device, to access instances of the server software on your licensed servers.  You may use a combination of device and user CALs.\b\f1\par
\pard\keepn\s3\fi-360\li1080\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\f0\fs20 iii.\tab\fs19 Reassignment of CALs.  \b0 You may\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx1437\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 permanently reassign your device CAL from one device to another, or your user CAL from one user to another; or\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 temporarily reassign your device CAL to a loaner device while the first device is out of service, or your user CAL to a temporary worker while the user is absent\cf1\f1 .\cf0\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 TERMS SPECIFIC TO THE PER PROCESSOR LICENSE MODEL\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Licensing a Server.  \b0 The manufacturer or installer has determined the required number of software licenses and assigned those licenses to the server with which the software was distributed\f1 .\~\f0  There are two options to determine how many licenses are needed\f1 .\~\f0  Those options are described below.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li1080\tx360\tx1080\b0\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\b\f4\fs22 Determining the Number of Licenses Required\b0 .  \f0\fs19 The number of licenses required is based on either the \ul total\ulnone  number of physical processors on the server (as described in (i) below) or the number of virtual and physical processors used (as described in (ii) below).\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440\sb120\sa120\tx1440\tx2160\b\fs20 i.\tab\fs19 Unlimited Virtualization.\b0  Under this option, the number of software licenses required for a server equals the total number of physical processors on that server.\~ Counting and assigning licenses based on this option permits you to run the server software in one physical and any number of virtual operating system environments without regard to the number of physical and virtual processors \i used\i0\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440\sb120\sa120\tx1440\b\f0\fs20 ii.\tab\fs19 Licensing based on Processors Used\b0 . Under this option, the  number of software licenses required for a server equals the sum of the software licenses required under (A) and (B) below:\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120\f0 (A)\tab To run instances of the server software in the physical operating system environment on a server, you need a software license for each physical processor that the physical operating system environment uses.\par
(B)\tab To run instances of the server software in virtual operating system environments on a server, you need a software license for each virtual processor that each of those virtual operating system environments uses.  If a virtual operating system environment uses a fraction of a virtual processor, the fraction counts as a full virtual processor.\par
\pard\fi-270\li1080\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Assignment of the Required Number of Licenses to the Server.    \par
\pard\li1440\sb120\sa120\tx1440\b0 The software license(s) are permanently assigned to the server with which the software was distributed.  If the server has multiple hardware partition(s) or blade(s), you must permanently assign those licenses to one of the hardware partition(s) or blade(s). That server is the licensed server for all of those licenses. You may not assign the same license to more than one server. A hardware partition or blade is considered to be a separate server.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Running Instances of the Server Software.  \b0 Your right to run the software depends on the option used to determine the number of licenses required\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\b\f0\fs20 i.\tab\ul\fs19 Unlimited Virtualization\ulnone\f1 .\b0\f0  \cf1\fs18 If you assign to a server licenses equal to the total number of physical processors on the server:\fs24  \cf0\b\f1\fs19\par
\pard\li1440\sb120\sa120\cf1\b0\f0\fs18 (A)\b  \b0 You\cf0\fs19  may run, at any one time, any number of instances of the server software in one physical and \cf1\fs18 any number of \cf0\fs19 virtual operating system environments on that server.\f1\par
\pard\li1440\sb120\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0 (B)\cf1\fs18  You do not need to license virtual processors\f1\fs24 .\fs20\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440\sb120\sa120\cf0\ul\b\f0\fs19 ii.\tab Licensing based on Processors Used\ulnone\f1 .\b0\f0  You may run, at any one time, any number of instances of the server software in physical and virtual operating system environments on each server that has been assigned the required number of software licenses.\~\~The total number of physical and virtual processors used cannot exceed the number of software licenses assigned to that server.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs19 Running Instances of the Additional Software.  \b0 You may run or otherwise use any number of instances of additional software listed below in physical or virtual operating system environments on any number of devices.  You may use additional software only with the server software directly, or indirectly through other additional software.  \par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Business Intelligence Development Studio\f1\fs14\par
\pard\fi360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\tx1080\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs19 Client Tools Backward Compatibility\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Client Tools Connectivity\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Client Tools Software Development Kit\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Management Studio\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 Integration Services\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\f0  \fs19 SQL Client Connectivity SDK\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 Microsoft Sync Framework\par
\f2\'b7\f1\fs14\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \f0\fs19 SQL Server 2008 Books Online \par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 d.\tab\f0\fs19 Creating and Storing Instances on Your Servers or Storage Media.  \b0 You have the additional rights below for each software license you acquire.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may create any number of instances of the server software and additional software.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may store instances of the server software and additional software on any of your servers or storage media.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may create and store instances of the server software and additional software solely to exercise your right to run instances of the server software under any of your software licenses as described (e.g., you may not distribute instances to third parties).\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 e.\tab\f0\fs19 No Client Access Licenses (CALs) Required for Access.  \b0 You do not need CALs for the other devices to access your instances of the server software.\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 4.\tab\f0\fs19 ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Maximum Instances\b0 .  The software or your hardware may limit the number of instances of the server software that can run in physical or virtual operating system environments on the server.\f1\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Multiplexing.  \b0 Hardware or software you use to\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 pool connections\f1 ,\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reroute information, and\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reduce the number of devices or users that directly access or use the software, or\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reduce the number of devices or users the software directly manages,\f1\par
\pard\li720\sb120\sa120\f0 (sometimes referred to as \ldblquote multiplexing\rdblquote  or \ldblquote pooling\rdblquote ), does not reduce the number of licenses of any type that you need.\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs19 Included Microsoft Programs.  \b0 The software contains other Microsoft programs.  The license terms with those programs apply to your use of them.\b\f1\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 d.\tab\f0\fs19 No Separation of Server Software.  \b0 You may not separate the server software for use in more than one operating system environment under a single license, unless expressly permitted.  This applies even if the operating system environments are on the same physical hardware system.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 e.\tab\f0\fs19 Fail-over Server.  \b0 For any operating system environment in which you run instances of the server software, you may run up to the same number of passive fail-over instances in a separate operating system environment for temporary support.  If you have licensed the server software under the Per Processor licensing model, the number of processors used in that separate operating system environment must not exceed the number of processors used in the corresponding operating system environment in which the active instances are running.  You may run the passive fail-over instances on a server other than the licensed server.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 5.\tab\f0\fs19 PRODUCT KEYS.\b0\f1\~\~\f0 The software requires a key to install or access it.\~\~You are responsible for the use of keys assigned to you.\~ You should not share the keys with third parties.  You may not use keys assigned to third parties.\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\b\f3\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. \b0  Microsoft provides Internet-based services with the software.  It may change or cancel them at any time.\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 7.\tab\f0\fs19 MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK AND POWERSHELL SOFTWARE.  \b0 The software contains Microsoft .NET Framework and PowerShell software.  These software components are part of Windows.\f1\par
\b\f3\fs20 8.\tab\f0\fs19 BENCHMARK TESTING.  \b0 You must obtain Microsoft's prior written approval to disclose to a third party the results of any benchmark test of the software\f1 .\f0   However, this does not apply to the Windows components.  For Microsoft .NET Framework see below.\b\f1\par
\pard\f3\fs20 9.\tab\f0\fs19 MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK.  \b0 The software includes one or more components of the .NET Framework (\ldblquote .NET Components\rdblquote ). \~You may conduct internal benchmark testing of those components. \~You may disclose the results of any benchmark test of those components, provided that you comply with the conditions set forth at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406\f1 .\~\f0  Notwithstanding any other agreement you may have with Microsoft, if you disclose such benchmark test results, Microsoft shall have the right to disclose the results of benchmark tests it conducts of your products that compete with the applicable .NET Component, provided it complies with the same conditions set forth at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 10.\tab\f0\fs19 SCOPE OF LICENSE.  \b0 The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software.  The manufacturer or installer and Microsoft reserve all other rights.  Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement.  In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways.  For more information, see the software documentation\f1 .\f0   You may not\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 work around any technical limitations in the software;\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 publish the software for others to copy;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 rent, lease or lend the software; or\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 use the software for commercial software hosting services.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120 Rights to access the software on any device do not give you any right to implement Microsoft patents or other Microsoft intellectual property in software or devices that access that device\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 11.\tab\f0\fs19 BACKUP COPY.  \b0 You may make one backup copy of the software media.  You may use it only to create instances of the software.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 DOCUMENTATION.  \b0 Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 13.\tab\f0\fs19 NOT FOR RESALE SOFTWARE.  \b0 You may not sell software marked as \ldblquote NFR\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Not for Resale.\rdblquote\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 14.\tab\f0\fs19 ACADEMIC EDITION SOFTWARE.  \b0 You must be a \ldblquote Qualified Educational User\rdblquote  to use software marked as \ldblquote Academic Edition\rdblquote  or \ldblquote AE.\rdblquote    If you do not know whether you are a Qualified Educational User, visit www.microsoft.com/education or contact the Microsoft affiliate serving your country.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 15.\tab\f0\fs19 DOWNGRADE.  \b0 Instead of creating, storing and using the software, for each permitted instance, you may create, store and use an instance of an earlier version.  You must obtain the earlier version separately.  This agreement applies to your use of the earlier version.  If the earlier version includes different components, any terms for those components in the agreement that comes with the earlier version apply to your use of them.  Neither the manufacturer or installer, nor Microsoft is obligated to supply or support earlier versions.  At any time, you may replace an earlier version with this version of the software.\b\f1\par
\pard\f3\fs20 16.\tab\f0\fs19 PROOF OF LICENSE.  \b0 If you acquired the software on a disc or other media, a genuine Certificate of Authenticity label with a genuine copy of the software identifies licensed software.  This label must be affixed to the server or appear on the manufacturer\rquote s or installer\rquote s packaging to be valid and may not be sold separately. You should keep the server or packaging that has the label on it to prove that you are licensed to use the software.  To identify genuine Microsoft software, see \cf2\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.howtotell.com" }}{\fldrslt{www.howtotell.com}}}\cf0\ulnone\f1\fs19 .\b\par
\pard\s1\fi-357\li357\tx360\f3\fs20 17.\tab\f0\fs19 TRANSFER TO A THIRD PARTY.\b0   You may transfer the software this agreement\f1 ,\cf3\f0  \cf0 and CALs directly to a third party only with the licensed server.  You may not keep any instances of the software unless you also retain another license for the software.  Before any permitted transfer, the other party must agree that this agreement applies to the transfer and use of the software.  The transfer must include the Certificate of Authenticity label.\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 18.\tab\f0\fs19 EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  \b0 The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations.  You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software.  These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.  For additional information, see \cf2\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone\f1 .\b\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 19.\tab\f0\fs19 SUPPORT SERVICES.  \b0 For the software generally, contact the manufacturer or installer for support options.  Refer to the support number provided with the software.  For updates and supplements obtained directly from Microsoft, Microsoft provides support as described at \cf2\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone\f1 .\par
\b\f3\fs20 20.\tab\f0\fs19 ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  \b0 This agreement (including the warranty below), and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\b\f1\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 21.\tab\f0\fs19 APPLICABLE LAW.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 United States.  \b0 If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles.  The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Outside the United States.  \b0 If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 22.\tab\f0\fs19 LEGAL EFFECT.  \b0 This agreement describes certain legal rights.  You may have other rights under the laws of your state or country.  You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software.  This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your state or country if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 23.\tab\f0\fs19 LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES.  EXCEPT FOR ANY REFUND THE MANUFACTURER OR INSTALLER MAY PROVIDE, YOU  CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 This limitation applies to\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120 It also applies even if\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 repair, replacement or a refund for the software does not fully compensate you for any losses; or\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 the manufacturer or installer, or Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120 Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.  They also may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages. \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\f1\page\b\f0 **************************************************************************************\f1\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\qc\f0 LIMITED WARRANTY\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab LIMITED WARRANTY.\b0   If you follow the instructions, the software will perform substantially as described in the Microsoft materials that you receive in or with the software.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\f0 B.\tab TERM OF WARRANTY; WARRANTY RECIPIENT; LENGTH OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES.  THE LIMITED WARRANTY COVERS THE SOFTWARE FOR 90 DAYS AFTER ACQUIRED BY THE FIRST USER.  IF YOU RECEIVE SUPPLEMENTS, UPDATES, OR REPLACEMENT SOFTWARE DURING THOSE 90 DAYS, THEY WILL BE COVERED FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE WARRANTY OR 30 DAYS, WHICHEVER IS LONGER. \b0  If you transfer the software, the remainder of the warranty will apply to the recipient\b\f1 .\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\f0 TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS LAST ONLY DURING THE TERM OF THE LIMITED WARRANTY.\b0   Some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so these limitations may not apply to you.  They also might not apply to you because some countries may not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty, guarantee or condition lasts.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab EXCLUSIONS FROM WARRANTY.\b0   This warranty does not cover problems caused by your acts (or failures to act), the acts of others, or events beyond the reasonable control of the manufacturer or installer, or Microsoft\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b\f0 D.\tab REMEDY FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.  THE MANUFACTURER OR INSTALLER WILL, AT ITS ELECTION,  EITHER (i) REPAIR OR REPLACE THE SOFTWARE AT NO CHARGE,  OR (ii) ACCEPT RETURN OF THE PRODUCT(S) FOR A REFUND OF THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY.  THE MANUFACTURER OR INSTALLER MAY ALSO REPAIR OR REPLACE SUPPLEMENTS, UPDATES AND REPLACEMENT SOFTWARE OR PROVIDE AREFUND OF THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THEM, IF ANY.  CONTACT THE MANUFACTURER OR INSTALLER ABOUT ITS POLICY.  THESE ARE YOUR ONLY REMEDIES FOR BREACH OF THE LIMITED WARRANTY.\par
E.\tab CONSUMER RIGHTS NOT AFFECTED.  YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, WHICH THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE.\par
F.\tab WARRANTY PROCEDURES.  \b0 Contact the manufacturer or installer to find out how to obtain warranty service for the software.  For a refund, you must comply with the manufacturer\rquote s or installer\rquote s return policies\b\f1\par
\f0 G.\tab NO OTHER WARRANTIES.  THE LIMITED WARRANTY IS THE ONLY DIRECT WARRANTY FROM THE MANUFACTURER, OR MICROSOFT.  THE MANUFACTURER, OR INSTALLER AND MICROSOFT GIVES NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS.  WHERE ALLOWED BY YOUR LOCAL LAWS, THE MANUFACTURER OR INSTALLER AND MICROSOFT EXCLUDES IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  If your local laws give you any implied warranties, guarantees or conditions, despite this exclusion, your remedies are described in the Remedy for Breach of Warranty clause above, to the extent permitted by your local laws.\f1\par
\f0 H.\tab LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.  THE LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES CLAUSE ABOVE APPLIES TO BREACHES OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.  YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM COUNTRY TO COUNTRY.\b0  \f1\par
\par
\f0 Part No. X14-77932\lang1036\f1\fs16\par
}
 