{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sb120\sa120\b\f0\fs28 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\f1\par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\f0 MICROSOFT SQL SERVER 2008 WEB EDITION \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\b0\fs19 These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you.  Please read them.  They apply to the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any.  The terms also apply to any Microsoft\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 updates, \par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 supplements, \par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Internet-based services, and\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 support services\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.  If so, those terms apply.\f1\par
\pard\b\f0 BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.  INSTEAD, RETURN IT TO THE RETAILER FOR A REFUND OR CREDIT.\b0   If you cannot obtain a refund there, contact Microsoft or the Microsoft affiliate serving your country for information about Microsoft\rquote s refund policies.  See \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone .  In the United States and Canada, call (800) MICROSOFT or see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm" }}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm}}}\cf0\ulnone\f1\fs19 .\b\par
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \sb120\sa120\f0 IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW FOR EACH SERVER YOU PROPERLY LICENSE.\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs19 OVERVIEW.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Software.  \b0 The software includes\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 server software; and\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 additional software that may only be used with the server software directly, or indirectly through other additional software\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 License Model.  \b0 The software is licensed based on the number of physical and virtual processors used by operating system environments in which you run instances of server software\f1 .\par
\b\f3\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs19 Licensing Terminology. \f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Instance.\b0   You create an \ldblquote instance\rdblquote  of software by executing the software\rquote s setup or install procedure. You also create an instance of software by duplicating an existing instance.  References to software in this agreement include \ldblquote instances\rdblquote  of the software.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Run an Instance.\b0   You \ldblquote run an instance\rdblquote  of software by loading it into memory and executing one or more of its instructions. Once running, an instance is considered to be running (whether or not its instructions continue to execute) until it is removed from memory.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Operating System Environment.\b0   An \ldblquote operating system environment\rdblquote  is \par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx1437\f2\'b7\tab\f0 all or part of an operating system instance,  \fs18 or all or part of a virtual (or otherwise emulated) operating system instance which enables separate machine identity (primary computer name or similar unique identifier) or separate administrative rights, \fs19 and \par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 instances of applications, if any, configured to run on the operating system instance or parts identified above. \par
\pard\li1077\sb120\sa120 There are two types of operating system environments, physical and virtual. A physical operating system environment is configured to run directly on a physical hardware system. The operating system instance used to run hardware virtualization software (e.g. Microsoft Virtual Server or similar technologies) or to provide hardware virtualization services (e.g. Microsoft virtualization technology or similar technologies) is considered part of the physical operating system environment.  A virtual operating system environment is configured to run on a virtual (or otherwise emulated) hardware system. A physical hardware system can have either or both of the following:\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx1437\f2\'b7\tab\f0 one physical operating system environment\par
\pard\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 one or more virtual operating system environments.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Server.\b0   A server is a physical hardware system capable of running server software.  A hardware partition or blade is considered to be a separate physical hardware system.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Physical and Virtual Processors.\b0   A physical processor is a processor in a physical hardware system. Physical operating system environments use physical processors. A virtual processor is a processor in a virtual (or otherwise emulated) hardware system. Virtual operating system environments use virtual processors. A virtual processor is considered to have the same number of threads and cores as each physical processor on the underlying physical hardware system.\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Assigning a License.\b0   To assign a license means simply to designate that license to one device or user.\f1\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs19 USE RIGHTS.\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 Licensing a Server.  \b0 Before you run instances of the server software on a server, you must determine the required number of software licenses and assign those licenses to that server as described below.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\f0\fs20 i.\tab\fs19 Determining the Number of Licenses Required\b0 .  You must first determine the number of software licenses you need.  The total number of software licenses required for a server equals the sum of the software licenses required under (A) and (B) below.\par
\pard\fi-363\li1440\sb120\sa120 (A)\tab To run instances of the server software in the physical operating system environment on a server, you need a software license for each physical processor that the physical operating system environment uses.\par
(B)\tab To run instances of the server software in virtual operating system environments on a server, you need a software license for each virtual processor that each of those virtual operating system environments uses.  If a virtual operating system environment uses a fraction of a virtual processor, the fraction counts as a full virtual processor.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Assigning the Required Number of Licenses to the Server.  \par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\fs20 i.\tab\b0\fs19 After you determine the number of software licenses you need for a server, you must assign that number of software licenses to that server. That server is the licensed server for all of those licenses. You may not assign the same license to more than one server. A hardware partition or blade is considered to be a separate server.\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b\fs20 ii.\tab\b0\fs19 You may reassign the software license, but not within 90 days of the last assignment.  You may reassign a software license sooner if you retire the licensed server due to permanent hardware failure.  If you reassign a license, the server to which you reassign the license becomes the new licensed server for that license.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs19 Running Instances of the Server Software.  \b0 For each server to which you have assigned the required number of software licenses, you may run, at any one time, any number of instances of the server software in physical and virtual operating system environments on the licensed server.  However, the total number of physical and virtual processors used by those operating system environments cannot exceed the number of software licenses assigned to that server.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 d.\tab\f0\fs19 Running Instances of the Additional Software.  \b0 You may run or otherwise use any number of instances of additional software listed below in physical or virtual operating system environments on any number of devices.  You may use additional software only with the server software directly, or indirectly through other additional software\f1 .\f0   \f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Business Intelligence Development Studio\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Client Tools Backward Compatibility\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Client Tools Connectivity\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Client Tools Software Development Kit\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Management Studio\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Sync Framework\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 SQL Server Books Online\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 e.\tab\f0\fs19 Creating and Storing Instances on Your Servers or Storage Media.  \b0 You have the additional rights below for each software license you acquire.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may create any number of instances of the server software and additional software.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may store instances of the server software and additional software on any of your servers or storage media.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 You may create and store instances of the server software and additional software solely to exercise your right to run instances of the server software under any of your software licenses as described (e.g., you may not distribute instances to third parties).\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 f.\tab\f0\fs19 Included Microsoft Programs.  \b0 The software contains other Microsoft programs.  The license terms with those programs apply to your use of them.\b\f1\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs19 ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS.\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 No Client Access Licenses (CALs) Required for Access.  \b0 You do not need CALs for other devices to access your instances of the server software.\b\f1\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 No Line of Business Applications.\b0   The software may be used only to support public and Internet accessible Web\b\f1\par
\pard\fi936\li-216\sb120\sa120\tx1077\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\b0\f0\fs19 pages,\par
\pard\fi936\li-216\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\b0\f0\fs19 sites,\par
\b\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\b0\f0\fs19 applications, and\par
\b\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\b0\f0\fs19 services\par
\pard\li760\sb120\sa120\tx760 It may not be used to support line of business applications (e.g. Customer Relationship Management, Enterprise Resource Management and other similar applications).\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs19 Maximum Instances\b0 .  The software or your hardware may limit the number of instances of the server software that can run in physical or virtual operating system environments on the server\f1 .\b\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 d.\tab\f0\fs19 Multiplexing.  \b0 Hardware or software you use to\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 pool connections\f1 ,\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reroute information\f1 ,\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reduce the number of devices or users that directly access or use the software, or\f1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reduce the number of devices or users the software directly manages,\f1\par
\pard\li720\sb120\sa120\f0 (sometimes referred to as \ldblquote multiplexing\rdblquote  or \ldblquote pooling\rdblquote ), does not reduce the number of licenses of any type that you need.\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f3\fs20 e.\tab\f0\fs19 No Separation of Server Software.  \b0 You may not separate the server software for use in more than one operating system environment under a single license, unless expressly permitted.  This applies even if the operating system environments are on the same physical hardware system.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 f.\tab\f0\fs19 Fail-over Server.  \b0 For any operating system environment in which you run instances of the server software, you may run up to the same number of passive fail-over instances in a separate operating system environment for temporary support.  The number of processors used in that separate operating system environment must not exceed the number of processors used in the corresponding operating system environment in which the active instances are running.  You may run the passive fail-over instances on a server other than the licensed server\b\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 4.\tab\f0\fs19 PRODUCT KEYS.\b0\f1\~\~\f0 The software requires a key to install or access it.\~\~You are responsible for the use of keys assigned to you.\~ You should not share the keys with third parties.  You may not use keys assigned to third parties.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 5.\tab\f0\fs19 INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. \b0  Microsoft provides Internet-based services with the software.  It may change or cancel them at any time.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 6.\tab\f0\fs19 MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK AND POWERSHELL SOFTWARE.  \b0 The software contains Microsoft .NET Framework and PowerShell software.  These software components are part of Windows\f1 .\par
\b\f3\fs20 7.\tab\f0\fs19 BENCHMARK TESTING.  \b0 You must obtain Microsoft's prior written approval to disclose to a third party the results of any benchmark test of the software.  However, this does not apply to the Windows components.  For Microsoft .NET Framework see below\f1 .\b\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\f3\fs20 8.\tab\f0\fs19 MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK.  \b0 The software includes one or more components of the .NET Framework (\ldblquote .NET Components\rdblquote ). \~You may conduct internal benchmark testing of those components. \~You may disclose the results of any benchmark test of those components, provided that you comply with the conditions set forth at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406\f1 .\~\f0  Notwithstanding any other agreement you may have with Microsoft, if you disclose such benchmark test results, Microsoft shall have the right to disclose the results of benchmark tests it conducts of your products that compete with the applicable .NET Component, provided it complies with the same conditions set forth at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406\f1 .\par
\b\par
\f3\fs20 9.\tab\f0\fs19 SCOPE OF LICENSE.  \b0 The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software.  Microsoft reserves all other rights.  Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement.  In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways.  For more information, see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights\cf0\ulnone\f1 .\f0   You may not\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 work around any technical limitations in the software;\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 publish the software for others to copy;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 rent, lease or lend the software; or\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 use the software for commercial software hosting services.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120 Rights to access the software on any device do not give you any right to implement Microsoft patents or other Microsoft intellectual property in software or devices that access that device\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 10.\tab\f0\fs19 BACKUP COPY.  \b0 You may make one backup copy of the software media.  You may use it only to create instances of the software.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 11.\tab\f0\fs19 DOCUMENTATION.  \b0 Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 12.\tab\f0\fs19 NOT FOR RESALE SOFTWARE.  \b0 You may not sell software marked as \ldblquote NFR\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Not for Resale.\rdblquote\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 13.\tab\f0\fs19 ACADEMIC EDITION SOFTWARE.  \b0 You must be a \ldblquote Qualified Educational User\rdblquote  to use software marked as \ldblquote Academic Edition\rdblquote  or \ldblquote AE.\rdblquote    If you do not know whether you are a Qualified Educational User, visit www.microsoft.com/education or contact the Microsoft affiliate serving your country.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\f3\fs20 14.\tab\f0\fs19  PROOF OF LICENSE.  \b0 If you acquired the software on a disc or other media, a genuine Microsoft Proof of License label with a genuine copy of the software identifies licensed software.  This label must accompany Microsoft packaging to be valid and may not be sold separately. You should keep the packaging that has the label on it to prove that you are licensed to use the software.  To identify genuine Microsoft software, see \cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.howtotell.com" }}{\fldrslt{www.howtotell.com}}}\cf0\ulnone\f1\fs19 .\par
\b\par
\pard\s1\fi-357\li357\tx360\f3\fs20 15.\tab\f0\fs19 TRANSFER TO A THIRD PARTY.\b0   The first user of the software may transfer it and this agreement directly to a third party.  Before the transfer, that party must agree that this agreement applies to the transfer and use of the software.  The transfer must include the software and the Proof of License label.  The first user may not retain any instances of the software unless that user also retains another license for the software.\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b\f3\fs20 16.\tab\f0\fs19 EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  \b0 The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations.  You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software.  These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.  For additional information, see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/exporting\cf0\ulnone\f1 .\b\par
\f3\fs20 17.\tab\f0\fs19 SUPPORT SERVICES.  \b0 Microsoft provides support services for the software as described at \cf1\ul www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx\cf0\ulnone\f1 .\par
\b\f3\fs20 18.\tab\f0\fs19 ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  \b0 This agreement (including the warranty below), and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\b\f1\par
\pard\keepn\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 19.\tab\f0\fs19 APPLICABLE LAW.\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f3\fs20 a.\tab\f0\fs19 United States.  \b0 If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles.  The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f3\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs19 Outside the United States.  \b0 If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f3\fs20 20.\tab\f0\fs19 LEGAL EFFECT.  \b0 This agreement describes certain legal rights.  You may have other rights under the laws of your state or country.  You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software.  This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your state or country if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so.\b\f1\par
\f3\fs20 21.\tab\f0\fs19 LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES.  YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 This limitation applies to\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120 It also applies even if\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 repair, replacement or a refund for the software does not fully compensate you for any losses; or\par
\pard\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120 Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.  They also may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages. \par
\pard\sb120\sa120\f1\page\b\f0 **************************************************************************************\f1\par
\pard\sb120\sa120\qc\f0 LIMITED WARRANTY\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360 A.\tab LIMITED WARRANTY.\b0   If you follow the instructions, the software will perform substantially as described in the Microsoft materials that you receive in or with the software.\b\f1\par
\f0 B.\tab TERM OF WARRANTY; WARRANTY RECIPIENT; LENGTH OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES.  THE LIMITED WARRANTY COVERS THE SOFTWARE FOR ONE YEAR AFTER ACQUIRED BY THE FIRST USER.  IF YOU RECEIVE SUPPLEMENTS, UPDATES, OR REPLACEMENT SOFTWARE DURING THAT YEAR, THEY WILL BE COVERED FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE WARRANTY OR 30 DAYS, WHICHEVER IS LONGER. \b0  If the first user transfers the software, the remainder of the warranty will apply to the recipient\b\f1 .\par
\pard\li357\sb120\sa120\f0 TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS LAST ONLY DURING THE TERM OF THE LIMITED WARRANTY.\b0   Some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so these limitations may not apply to you.  They also might not apply to you because some countries may not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty, guarantee or condition lasts.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b C.\tab EXCLUSIONS FROM WARRANTY.\b0   This warranty does not cover problems caused by your acts (or failures to act), the acts of others, or events beyond Microsoft\rquote s reasonable control.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b D.\tab REMEDY FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.  MICROSOFT WILL REPAIR OR REPLACE THE SOFTWARE AT NO CHARGE.  IF MICROSOFT CANNOT REPAIR OR REPLACE IT, MICROSOFT WILL REFUND THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON YOUR RECEIPT FOR THE SOFTWARE.  IT WILL ALSO REPAIR OR REPLACE SUPPLEMENTS, UPDATES AND REPLACEMENT SOFTWARE AT NO CHARGE.  IF MICROSOFT CANNOT REPAIR OR REPLACE THEM, IT WILL REFUND THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THEM, IF ANY.  YOU MUST UNINSTALL THE SOFTWARE AND RETURN ANY MEDIA AND OTHER ASSOCIATED MATERIALS TO MICROSOFT WITH PROOF OF PURCHASE TO OBTAIN A REFUND.  THESE ARE YOUR ONLY REMEDIES FOR BREACH OF THE LIMITED WARRANTY.\par
E.\tab CONSUMER RIGHTS NOT AFFECTED.  YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, WHICH THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE.\par
F.\tab WARRANTY PROCEDURES.  \b0 You need proof of purchase for warranty service.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\f0 1.\tab United States and Canada.\b0   For warranty service or information about how to obtain a refund for software acquired in the United States and Canada, contact Microsoft at\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\f2\'b7\tab\f0 (800) MICROSOFT;\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399; or\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 visit \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm\cf0\ulnone\f1 .\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f0 2.\tab Europe, Middle East and Africa.  \b0 If you acquired the software in Europe, the Middle East or Africa, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited makes this limited warranty.  To make a claim under this warranty, you should contact either\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b0\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin 18, Ireland; or\par
\pard\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 the Microsoft affiliate serving your country (see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720\b\f0 3.\tab Outside United States, Canada, Europe, Middle East and Africa.  \b0 If you acquired the software outside the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, contact the Microsoft affiliate serving your country (see \cf1\ul www.microsoft.com/worldwide\cf0\ulnone ).\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 G.\tab NO OTHER WARRANTIES.  THE LIMITED WARRANTY IS THE ONLY DIRECT WARRANTY FROM MICROSOFT.  MICROSOFT GIVES NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS.  WHERE ALLOWED BY YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  \b0 If your local laws give you any implied warranties, guarantees or conditions, despite this exclusion, your remedies are described in the Remedy for Breach of Warranty clause above, to the extent permitted by your local laws.\b\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\f0 H.\tab LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.  THE LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES CLAUSE ABOVE APPLIES TO BREACHES OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY.\par
\pard\sb120\sa120 THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.  YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM COUNTRY TO COUNTRY.\b0  \f1\par
}
 